I can hear the marker running out of the board. Blinking closed eyes adjusts the blurred vision and creates a heavy body. 
She looks at me as I was writing down the formula with a board marker on the whiteboard, whether I felt woken up. Smile quickly and open a small mouth. 
"You're tired of sleeping without even realizing I'm coming in?'There's a lot of work,' 
she said, putting down the marker with a small exclamation, and came up to me and sat on my desk. 
Then I stick out another marker and do a little graffiti on my cheek. 'Hey, that's a planetary magic.' 'Can't you give me the liquid to erase? Come on," 
she put out a small bottle. When I read her name, she looks at my face and bursts into laughter. "It's benzene. Do you want me to die?" "Do you really think I'd give you?" 
Take a bottle of benzene and throw out a can of disinfectant alcohol. Breathe out a sigh, put alcohol on the cotton you gave and wipe your cheeks. 
I took my eyes off her face, which kept ticking over what was so funny, and I could see the cover of a barrel. 2.24L. "Oh, if it was a gas," "0.1mall?" '0C, not a pressure of 1 atmosphere,' sighs again. 
She's always like this. Every time I'm thirsty, I ask for some salt, but I call it sodium chloride. I used to wonder why you keep doing that. The answer back was more palatable. 
"I want to live like an isotope." I want to be a special human being like an isotope, which is different from other elements. 
She was enchanting to recall the old days when she suddenly thrust a burning match in front of me. 
I stood back in surprise and looked at her, and said, with the usual playful smile. 
'Come on, it's a copper match using a flame reaction.' 'It's a waste of resources.' 'What do you think? It's pretty.'
She turned off the flame and put a match in a small plastic can to see if it was dull in my reaction. "I don't know why I keep making friends with you." 
"What do you like? It's like sharing an electron, filling each other's deficiencies." I can't deny it. 
My life would have been more dry without her and she would have been lonely without me. 'You're my atomic nucleus.' 'Suddenly what are you talking about?' 
"Because of you, there's a place for me to stay like an obituary. I would've wandered around without you." 
He looked at her and was looking at me, so he was just shy and avoided looking. Then she said with a small burst of laughter.
 "I just said it was a shared bond, but... It's more of an ionic bond than that. 
A relationship that breaks down with a little shock. After that... you'll be a loner again and live like an inert gas."
 I couldn't say anything to her and just watched, she smiled and opened her mouth. 
"You're sweet, too. But inert gases don't normally react to chemicals. ...the relationship ends when you're tired of me. 
Is radioactive elements more appropriate?" The laughter was ephemeral, like alkali metals that quickly lose light, and I thought I wanted to protect it.
 But like the former of the Cion before deciding what to say, she disappeared.

